Happy New Year Mum. I've been paid recently. What do you want and I'll send it to you?
Oh it's Bella. Still remember to call home do you? I thought you'd be too ashamed after being dumped.
Bella's not interested in getting married. She works for one of the top 500 companies in the UK.
I'm focusing on my career. I'll bring you over when I'm ready.
If you were really filial, you wouldn't have been dumped. Your mother slaved as a maid to educate you.
And this is how you repay her. Sister, I pity you. My daughter in the UK married well, unlike yours.
If I was you, I'd be too ashamed to share my face. How dare you speak to Mum like that?
My son-in-laws, the CEO of DX Mail in the UK, he's securing a big investment. We'll be on a different level then. I need to go for dinner.
Mum, you've been wrong. I'm OK. My pride doesn't matter. She was your happy.
OK, I'll touch you later. OK, bye darling.
Bye.